Fly.
Flew.
Flown.
Sam wants to fly a plane.
Last year, he flew a small one.
He's flown higher since then.
Forget.
Forgot.
Forgotten.
Tim tries not to forget birthdays.
He forgot his sisters last year.
He's forgotten many others.
Give.
Gave.
Given.
Anna loves to give gifts.
She gave one to her friend last week.
She's given out many since then.
Grow.
Grew.
Grown.
Lily wants to grow a plant.
She grew some flowers last year.
She's grown many plants since.
Hear.
Heard.
Max wants to hear a new song.
He heard it on the radio yesterday.
He's heard it everywhere now.
Hit.
Jack tries not to hit the ball too hard.
Yesterday, he hit it out of bounds.
He's hit many balls like that.
Hurt.
Ben doesn't want to hurt his knee.
Last week, he heard it during a game.
He's heard it a few more times.
Lay.
Laid.
Sarah likes to lay on the grass.
Yesterday, she laid there for hours.
She's laid there many times before.
Lead.
Laid.
Tom wants to lead his team.
Last year, he led them to victory.
He's led many successful games since.
Lend.
Laid.
Kate loves to lend her things.
Yesterday, she lent a book to a friend.
She's lent out many books since.